doc: update readme and pre post install (#20)
algolia/firestore-algolia-search: README.md

Use this extension to index your Cloud Firestore collection.  The extension is applied and configured on a collection.

> This extension listens for changes on the specified collection. If a document is added, updated, or deleted, this

Reviewer: Would recommend the same suggestions here as in the PREINSTALL guide, but only putting them in one place so as to not duplicate/maintain both sets of instructions. (Seems like the README might be a better place than PREINSTALL.)

Author: I think we might need to deal with duplicates.  The readme is shown when you visit the Github repo.  The Preinstall is shown in the Extension landing page.

**Configuration Parameters:**

- Cloud Functions Location: Where do you want to deploy the functions created for this extension?
  You usually want a location close to your database.
  For help selecting a location, refer to the
  [location selection guide](https://firebase.google.com/docs/functions/locations).

- Collection Path: What is the path to the Cloud Firestore collection where the extension should monitor for changes?

> - Fields: What document fields should be indexed to provide the best search experience?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fields: What document fields should be indexed to provide the best search experience? For more information on which fields to index to Algolia, see the [Algolia documentation on records](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/prepare-your-data/#algolia-records).
```

  This can be comma separated list or left blank to index all fields.

>   Refer to [reducing record size](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/prepare-your-data/how-to/reducing-object-size/).

Reviewer: I would put this after the record size limit suggestion.
```suggestion
```

>   For performance reasons, [record size is limited](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/prepare-your-data/in-depth/index-and-records-size-and-usage-limitations/#record-size-limits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For performance reasons, [record size is limited](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/prepare-your-data/in-depth/index-and-records-size-and-usage-limitations/#record-size-limits).
  If you're receiving errors that your records are too large,  refer to the [reducing record size documentation](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/prepare-your-data/how-to/reducing-object-size/).
```

- Algolia Application ID: What is the Algolia Application Id?

>   This is the application that contains one or more indexes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is the Algolia application you want to index your data to.
```

>   Refer to [application id](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/send-and-update-your-data/how-to/importing-with-the-api/#application-id).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find your credentials including application ID on your Algolia dashboard, under the [API keys tab](https://www.algolia.com/api-keys).
```

- Algolia API Key: What is your Algolia API key?

>   We recommend creating a new [api key](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/security/api-keys/#creating-and-managing-api-keys)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We recommend [creating a new API key](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/security/api-keys/#creating-and-managing-api-keys)
```

  with "addObject", "deleteObject", "listIndexes", "deleteIndex", "editSettings", and "settings" permissions.
  **Do not use the Admin API key**.

- Algolia Index Name: What is the Algolia index name?

>   This is the name of the store where the records will be persisted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is the name of the [Algolia index](https://www.algolia.com/doc/faq/basics/what-is-an-index/) where the records will be persisted.
```

>   Refer to [naming your index](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/send-and-update-your-data/#naming-your-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer to [naming your index](https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/sending-and-managing-data/send-and-update-your-data/#naming-your-index) for more information.
```
